 Good morning, this Tuesday is Election Day.  After months of spirited debate in vigorous campaigning,  the time has come for Americans to make important decisions  about our nation's future and encourage all Americans  to go to the polls and vote.  Election season brings out the spirit of competition  between our political parties.  And that competition is an essential part  of a healthy democracy, but as the campaigns come  to a close, Republicans, Democrats, and independents  can find common ground on at least one point.  Our system of representative democracy  is one of America's greatest strengths.  The United States was founded on the belief  that all men are created equal.  Every Election Day, millions of Americans  of all races, religions, and backgrounds  step into voting booths throughout the nation,  whether they are richer, poor, older, young.  Each of them has an equal share in choosing  the path that our country will take.  And every ballot they cast is a reminder  that our founding principles are alive and well.  Voting is one of the great privileges  of American citizenship.  And it has always required brave defenders.  As you head to the polls next week,  remember the sacrifices that had been made  by generations of Americans in uniform  to preserve our way of life.  From Bunker Hill to Baghdad, the men and women  of American armed forces have been devoted guardians  of our democracy.  All of us owe them and their families  a special debt of gratitude on Election Day.  Americans should also remember the important example  that our elections set throughout the world.  Young democracies from Georgia and Ukraine  to Afghanistan and Iraq can look to the United States  for proof that self-government can endure  and nations that still have under tyranny and oppression  can find hope and inspiration in our commitment to liberty.  For more than two centuries,  Americans have demonstrated the ability of free people  to choose their own leaders.  Our nation has flourished because of its commitment  to trusting the wisdom of our citizenry.  In this year's election, we will see this tradition  and continue, and we will be reminded once again  that we are blessed to live in a free nation  guided by the will of the people.  Thank you for listening.